Add link to PolyScope X version to README (#13)
UniversalRobots/Universal_Robots_ToolComm_Forwarder_URCap: README.md

# URcaps RS-485 daemon

> [!NOTE]
> This is the PolyScope 5 version of the Tool Communication forwarding URCap. For the PolyScope X
> version, please see [Universal_Robots_ToolComm_Forwarder_URCapX](https://github.com/UniversalRobots/Universal_Robots_ToolComm_Forwarder_URCapX).

> Package to support relaying the RS-485 communication device in a UR robot to a remote PC. This feature is only supported on the e-series.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Package to support relaying the RS-485 communication device in a UR robot to a remote PC. This feature is supported on the e-series and the UR series.
```

After that you should be able to use the device under `${LOCAL_DEVICE_NAME}` (in our case `/tmp/ttyUR`) just like any local RS-485 tty device.

## Use inside a ROS application

> The [`ur_robot_driver`](http://wiki.ros.org/ur_robot_driver) has a [convenience script](https://github.com/UniversalRobots/Universal_Robots_ROS_Driver/blob/master/ur_robot_driver/scripts/tool_communication) wrapping the above `socat` call. When running the driver, the e-Series and UR series launchfiles provide a [flag](https://github.com/UniversalRobots/Universal_Robots_ROS_Driver/blob/master/ur_robot_driver/launch/ur10e_bringup.launch#L14) for automatically activating the tool communication. The launchfiles also allow setting up communication parameters on the robot directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`ur_robot_driver`](http://wiki.ros.org/ur_robot_driver) has a [convenience script](https://github.com/UniversalRobots/Universal_Robots_ROS2_Driver/blob/main/ur_robot_driver/scripts/tool_communication.py) wrapping the above `socat` call. When running the driver, the e-Series and UR series launchfiles provide a [flag](https://github.com/UniversalRobots/Universal_Robots_ROS2_Driver/blob/236cb736f92f212c75eefdb20e08f7bb38366e15/ur_robot_driver/launch/ur_rsp.launch.py#L62) for automatically activating the tool communication. The launchfiles also allow setting up communication parameters on the robot directly.
```

Author: I think if we swap to the ROS 2 driver here, we should also not link the ROS Wiki page. Maybe linking to the package on index.ros.org might be an option?

Author: @urrsk any input o that?

Reviewer: > [@urrsk](https://github.com/urrsk) any input o that?
Yes, lets link to our own documentation or a place where the likelihood of url changes is minimal

Author: I've updated the PR accordingly.
